How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Using diff takes you right to the difference. It saves time looking at line 
    item by line item on 2 or more files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If I ever need to revisit a feature from an older version, I will be able to 
    reuse it. Or if a bug is created, I can fall back on the previous version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    You have more control of establishing when an older version ends and when a
    new one begins. You may be in the middle of fixing an issue, and an auto-save
    feature may save right in the middle of your fix. Your two versions then may
    not make too much sense.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think it is because Git is programming or web dev based, where you need
    multiple files for a product. While dropbox or google docs is more consumer
    based. Most consumers will not need to save multipe files for a version of
    a product.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can use git log to get a birds eye view of the file history and get a 
    snap shot of the changes made in each commit. You can use git diff to review
    these changes side by side, and highlighted for your easy viewing.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I will have something to fall back on if i accidently break something. It
    is a good security safety net to know that I can go back to what i once had.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use it to track all my changes and upgrades to my niche based review
    site that i would like to create. On a big level, I think there should be a 
    pre-launch version control, and post launch. 